Update BBE description for path-parameters (#3783)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-client-path-parameter/http_client_path_parameter.md

# HTTP client - Path parameter

> The `http:Client` supports specifying `Path parameters` when invoking a backend resource. Declare the required `Path parameter` inside a square bracket along with the resource path (eg: `/albums/[album]`) and invoke the resource method. Use this when invoking a backend resource which requires `Path parameters`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `http:Client` supports specifying `path parameters` when invoking a backend resource. Declare the required `path parameter` inside a square bracket along with the resource path (eg: `/albums/[album]`) and invoke the resource method. Use this when invoking backend resources with variable resource paths.
```
